Update wiki media guidelines (#1919)
hashicorp/design-system: wiki/Website-Markdown.md

Some other content here
```

#### Video

> Video assets are not natively supported in markdown, but you can easily insert a .mp4 or similar file type into a markdown with a basic understanding of HTML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video assets are not natively supported in markdown, but you can easily insert a `.mp4` or similar file type into a markdown with a basic understanding of HTML:
```

> Video assets are not natively supported in markdown, but you can easily insert a `.mp4` or similar file type into a markdown with a basic understanding of HTML:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Video assets are not natively supported in markdown, but you can easily insert an `.mp4` or similar file type into a markdown file with a basic understanding of HTML:
```

Reviewer 2: I think adopting this style for file names could make sense:

"[When referring to the file type, use all caps and no period. When referring to file extensions, precede with a period, then lowercase the extension acronym.](https://canvas.workday.com/content/language-and-style/file-names-types-extensions/#:~:text=In%20text%2C%20use%20title%20case,then%20lowercase%20the%20extension%20acronym.)"

So in that case the above should probably be "...easily insert an MP4 or similar file type..."

Author: That's a good find! I'll update to use this style, maybe something we should also add to the writing docs 🤔

```md
<video width="100%" controls loop>
  <source

>     src="assets/{some-subdirectory}/{path-to-video-file}.mp4"

Reviewer: [blocker] with this guidance we risk someone to put the assets in a random folder; we should instead be prescriptive of where these assets are stored on the website and as far as I can see the path currently used is `/assets/components/{name-of-component}/...` (the `/` in front of the path is required)

```suggestion
    src="/assets/components/{name-of-component}/{path-to-video-file}.mp4"
```

Author: There are also some video assets in the pattern documentation, but for simplicity this seems to be the better route

Reviewer: Ahh, in that case maybe something like 
`src="/assets/[components|patterns]/{name-of-component}/{path-to-video-file}.mp4"`

Reviewer 3: +1

>     src="assets/components/{name-of-component}/{path-to-video-file}.mp4"

Author: Yes, sorry, good catch.

    type="video/mp4"
  />
</video>
```

This example uses the native HTML video tag with a couple of key attributes:

> - `controls` indicating that the video player should display play, pause, volume, and other basic controls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `controls` indicating that the video player should display "play", "pause", "volume", and other basic controls.
```

Reviewer 2: I added the quotes around the names of the control types, otherwise it seems harder to parse to me. (I had to read through it twice to understand that those were names of controls and not verbs in the sentence.)

Btw, for something representing actual code, it makes sense to use backticks to mark, it but for file names and names of file types (Ex: "mp4"), they aren't actually code, so I would use regular quotes for those. (They are just strings or names.)

> - `loop` indicating that the video asset should loop when it reaches the end (this is optional, but useful for short examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `loop` indicating that the video asset should loop when it reaches the end (this can sometimes be useful for shorter examples).
```

> The `<source>` tag accepts the file path (relative to the public assets folder) and the type of file.

Reviewer: Feel free to reword it
```suggestion
The `<source>` tag accepts the file path (absolute, so with a `/` in front, in relation to the `/website/public/assets/` base folder) and the type of file.
```

> The `<source>` tag accepts the absolute file path (with a `/` in front) in relation to the `/website/public/assets` base folder, and the type of file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<source>` tag accepts the absolute file path (starting with a “/”) in relation to the “/website/public/assets” base folder and the type of file.
```

> It's recommended that you stick to `.mp4` files as they are best optimized for all browsers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It’s recommended that you stick to “.mp4” files as they are optimized the best for all browsers.
```
